README.md, before:

This repository is the backbone of Capital Region Games, a site for those who enjoy playing games in the Capital Region.

All contributions are happily welcome! You can add a new game place by making a pull request. 

If you see an error or have any suggestions, please feel free to create an issue or email me at: rbrittbus@gmail.com. 

_____________
12/05/2021

 - I have done one brilliant thing! I have added an events section on the front page
 - Deleted the Magic page. Will most likely delete the Bridge at some point as well. Scrabble and Chess is all the world needs. 
 - Finally got to the redesign (it is heavily inspired by [Chess World](http://www.edochess.ca/batgirl/TopTen.html)). It is also inspired by this interesting article about [rubrication](https://www.gwern.net/Red). This site was never intented to have the original design. It was so the site could be put up quickly
 - I am spending less time on this site than I'd hoped. So far the content creation is not going well. Perhaps I should consider queuing. I will also add discord support because it is an easy commenting system.
 - I have finally looked up some artists to commission. 
 - The CMS will be Netlify as it allows Google and Github login.


_____________
10/06/2021

- I am considering integrating Google Forms to allow others to more easily contribute to this site (who don't program)
- I am exploring other CMS (something besides Netlify). It needs to be collaborative and allow for multiple ways to log in (perhaps email)
- Content ideas so far
    - Posts on improving on OTB games
    - I'm thinking of only focusing on Chess and Scrabble unless I can have assistence managing the site. It's kind of a lot as a side project
    -  Thinking about interviewing people. People who run the game groups but might have to get a better mic and figure out how to transcribe audio files. **Need to look into this**
- I still want to find a local artist to create the images for this site. I'd prefer to avoid stock photos if possible for two reasons:
    1. Copyright. If my images are original it'll be less of a hassle
    2. Strengthen community. Support local business. 
_____________

### To do

* Add games that aren't chess
* Add centers to play games that aren't coffee shops
* Find a way to scrape data from various game sites to update this site automatically
* This site could probably be organized better
* Obtain permission to take photos of local game places so stock photos wll not be needed (will this strengthen community? Maybe).

> I am looking for assistence on the backend for this site - namely a way to filter posts by both location and game type (maybe that is not that important?) but also for others who would like in to aid in adding Game places until I can properly set up a CMS.

_______

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7df80aa9-4d26-4539-be81-c0688a5d1575/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/capitalregiongames/deploys)

Commit message:

added admin deleted obsolte code

README.md, after:

This repository is the backbone of Capital Region Games, a site for those who enjoy playing games in the Capital Region.

All contributions are happily welcome! You can add a new game place by making a pull request. 

If you see an error or have any suggestions, please feel free to create an issue or email me at: rbrittbus@gmail.com. 

_____________
12/07/2021

 - Added Netlify admin. Must test it to make sure it doesn't break anything. I am not very good with github branches. So far I've been working off the main branch but I might have to consider a separate one
 - Added Hyvor Commenting
 - Made footnoes accessible with Kitty Giraudel's [plugin](https://github.com/KittyGiraudel/eleventy-plugin-footnotes)
 - Fixed a few accessibility problems (html tags, alt tags)
 - got rid of a lot of obsolete code
 - Finally created a Google form (it is bad and I will need to find a way to make it sound better)

 Goals:
 - Need to test out content submission with NetlifyCMS
 - I should work on content creation. BUT I am not a good sports writer. Or, for that matter, writer of things in general.
_____________
12/05/2021

 - I have done one brilliant thing! I have added an events section on the front page
 - Deleted the Magic page. Will most likely delete the Bridge at some point as well. Scrabble and Chess is all the world needs. 
 - Finally got to the redesign (it is heavily inspired by [Chess World](http://www.edochess.ca/batgirl/TopTen.html)). It is also inspired by this interesting article about [rubrication](https://www.gwern.net/Red). This site was never intented to have the original design. It was so the site could be put up quickly
 - I am spending less time on this site than I'd hoped. So far the content creation is not going well. Perhaps I should consider queuing. I will also add discord support because it is an easy commenting system.
 - I have finally looked up some artists to commission. 
 - The CMS will be Netlify as it allows Google and Github login.
_____________
10/06/2021

- I am considering integrating Google Forms to allow others to more easily contribute to this site (who don't program)
- I am exploring other CMS (something besides Netlify). It needs to be collaborative and allow for multiple ways to log in (perhaps email)
- Content ideas so far
    - Posts on improving on OTB games
    - I'm thinking of only focusing on Chess and Scrabble unless I can have assistence managing the site. It's kind of a lot as a side project
    -  Thinking about interviewing people. People who run the game groups but might have to get a better mic and figure out how to transcribe audio files. **Need to look into this**
- I still want to find a local artist to create the images for this site. I'd prefer to avoid stock photos if possible for two reasons:
    1. Copyright. If my images are original it'll be less of a hassle
    2. Strengthen community. Support local business. 
_____________

### To do

* Add games that aren't chess
* Add centers to play games that aren't coffee shops
* Find a way to scrape data from various game sites to update this site automatically
* This site could probably be organized better
* Obtain permission to take photos of local game places so stock photos wll not be needed (will this strengthen community? Maybe).

> I am looking for assistence on the backend for this site - namely a way to filter posts by both location and game type (maybe that is not that important?) but also for others who would like in to aid in adding Game places until I can properly set up a CMS.
_______

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7df80aa9-4d26-4539-be81-c0688a5d1575/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/capitalregiongames/deploys)
